chore: Rename Servicehub -> Service Catalog (#7643)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/contributing/word-choice.md

Kuma | Kong's open-source service mesh. <br><br> ❌&nbsp; Do not use "Kong Kuma". This is an open-source project supported by the CNCF and maintained, not owned, by Kong.
Insomnia | Kong's open-source API client.
Dev Portal <br><br> Dev Portal, self-managed <br> Dev Portal, cloud | A module for sharing APIs and their specs with developers, and enabling the developers to create applications based on Gateway or Konnect services. <br><br> ❌&nbsp; Do not use "Developer Portal".

> Service Hub | The service catalog in Konnect. <br><br> ❌&nbsp; Do not use "ServiceHub", "Service hub", or "Servicehub".

Reviewer: Seeing descriptions like these make me feel more certain that we made the right decision with this rename!

The Konnect Dev Portal is a dev portal. The Konnect Service Catalog is a service catalog. 😄

Author: hard agree!

> {{site.service_catalog_name}} | The service catalog in Konnect. <br><br> ❌&nbsp; Do not use "Servicecatalog", "Service catalog", or "servicecatalog".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{site.service_catalog_name}} | The service catalog in Konnect. <br><br> ❌&nbsp; Do not use "Service Hub", "Servicehub", "servicehub", or "Service catalog". 
```
You might want to leave "Service Hub" as the "do not use" name. I think these old "do not use" options aren't really necessary to adjust for Service Catalog, since there's no history of it being called "Servicecatalog".
